Individual Reflections week 8

For this last week we assembled everything we had done so far. It was nice seeing everything coming together as we were finished (to some extent) 
with all the necessary user stories.The couple of things we had left was the merging part of all the different branches in github. 
We also discussed shortly about the representation for wednesday which Ermin decided to take on and planned to make a pre recorded presentation. 
For the final report we decided to have another meeting later this week to discuss and work on it.

After the meeting me and Negin worked together to start commenting on last week's coding. 
Unfortunately we found a bug in our code so we had to spend some time figuring it out. It emerged from some improvements that were done 
previously to some of the methods in our code. To keep things simple and not too time consuming we later settled on the old version of the method, 
because it didn't actually affect the performance that much. This was also a valuable experience similar to last week, but thanks to the user story 
and a clear general idea of giving value for the project, it was not too hard to actually make the most suitable choice.

The final presentation went really well, Ermin had done tremendously good work with it. 
The presentation was clean and professional and in my opinion, left the audience with not that many follow-up questions 
other than some small changes to our project. Other than that we were really satisfied!

An important thing to observe and learn this week is to stick with the plan we have for now in order to launch our website. 
Sure there are some things that could be polished or improved but that might have to wait in order to bring any unnecessary problems into our project.

I hope to learn to be vigilant in terms of launching a final project because this might
prove helpful for upcoming projects in the future. As mentioned above there might be some things in the code that have to be postponed in order 
to be taken care of later. It would probably be better to actually have planned time for it than to rush things and make things worse.
I hope that I can help my team make the "right" choices based on what needs to be finished and is valuable for the project and for our customers.

For the final report I have tried to start writing on some of the topics to help our team get started. We will later try to 
complement each other's ideas and thoughts to the written text. 
